I've come to accept that my life just generates stories. I used to think is was something about always saying "yes, and", 

If I sneak into to a museum auditorium, it'll be deserted and there'll be inflatable pool on stage.
If I get logistics on a Paris trip screwed up, it'll be the 100th anniversary of Rodin's death and there'll be a fireworks show.
If I try to see the Northern Lights the day _before_ thanksgiving, the universe will ask, "What, are you stupid?"


If my life were a novel it would be a hacky, over-written one with too many coincidences and characters too strange to believe. My friends and ex-lovers have met me in ballets and bars, mountaintops and museums, and a bouncy castle inside of regular castle, each one of them wonderful in their own way. I'm looking for other main characters: People who go on a date and meet insane stories with "that's awesome! One time I...", and then host a party and draw out the incredible in their guest's lives. Badasses, in any field.

I’ve studied a ton of math, stats, and quantitative social science. As such, people positively fascinate me, and I'm forever working to understand them better. 'Robot learning to love' would be a good starting image.

I was literally weaned on Dom Perignon and pate', and my first job was working construction on a farm.
I first learned to do a front flip while on acid, inside a bouncy castle, inside a regular castle.

But most of all, me taking credit for any of these things would be like an ant caught in a hurricane congratulating itself
on learning to fly. The world is simply awesome, and I

Really, the whole of my life could be written as the follow-on effects of buying a LeCorbusier lounge chair and joining the ballet.

If my life were a novel it would be a hacky, over-written one with too many coincidences and characters too strange to believe.
My friends and ex-lovers have met me in ballets and bars, mountaintops and museums, and a bouncy castle inside of regular 
castle, each of them wonderful in their own way. I'm looking for other main characters: People who go on a date and meet
 insane stories with "that's awesome! One time I...", and then host a party and draw out the incredible in their guest's lives.
 Badasses, in any field.


Monet and Monte Carlo

Monte Python
 
-----------------------

Yep, this is a ___ profile. My standard profile here, ____. I'm not trying to hide anything; I'm jut curious how things go
if we're willing to be indirectly honest about where we'd like things to end up. 

Please understand, though, that I'm picky. I go for brilliant and beautiful and a battle of wits with an armistice signed on bedsheets.


"Well-read and bound in leather" describes more than your book collection.
